hey guys and welcome back in today's
tutorial I'm going to be showing you how
to do this
acne coverage glamorous golden makeup
look I'm going to prime my skin using my
pixi by petra Paulus and flawless pore
minimizing face primer for foundation
I'm going to be using the NARS sheer
glow mixed with a single drop of the Mac
mineralized skin foundation I'm going to
apply that using my Real Techniques
buffing brush to cover my blemishes I'm
going to be using the collection lasting
perfection concealer in shades of fear
going to apply it some of this onto the
back of my hand then I'm going to use my
Real Techniques concealer brush to apply
that I'm going to use my fingers to Pat
that in and that is our base done I'm
going to leave the under-eye area for
now and I will do that at the end to set
my foundation I'm going to be using the
Ben Nye neutral set colorless powder I'm
just going to tap a small amount into my
hands and then using a Real Techniques
contour brush I'm just going to set that
on the areas where I applied my
concealer to warm up my skin and to add
a slight contour I'm going to be using
the benefits hoola bronzer today I'm
going to use the brush that it comes
with and I'm just bringing this up and
into my hairline so I'm using a slight
circular motion here
blender I'm also going to bring this
just on my jaw very gently sides of my
nose for my blush I'm going to be using
the Max Factor cream puff blush in shade
love blue pink I'm going to apply this
using my Real Techniques blusher brush
the highlight I'm going to use the bombs
mary lou manizer I'm just going to sweep
this onto my cheekbone like this to the
tip of my nose the bridge and my Cupid's
bow now that we've done our base I'm
going to move on to my eyebrows to fill
in my brows I'm going to be using the
Anastasia Beverly Hills brow Wiz in
shades taupe to set my brows I'm going
to be using the Anastasia Beverly Hills
clear brow gel with our brows done let's
move on to our eyes shadow I'm going to
prime my eyes using the Mac Paint Pot in
shade soft ochre that we've primed our
lids I'm just going to add a base
eyeshadow shade to that today I'm going
to be using the cream shade from the
makeup revolution Redemption palette
iconic to be defining my crease I'm
going to be using the vulgar eyeshadow
from Illamasqua
but I'm just going to apply this
straight into the crease and this orange
tone will act as our transition shade
using that same brush I'm going to take
this warm brown shade here I'm going to
apply this eyeshadow into the inner V
and out of the of my eyes I'm going to
take a large fluffy blending brush and
I'm just going to smooth out that
transition so I'm going to take this
gold showed here I'm just going to Pat
that into the center of my lid to really
make my eyes pop I'm going to use the
sleek original eye divine palette I'm
going to take this light gold shade here
straight into the very center of the lid
and that will just add a really
beautiful highlight site for us using a
very small amount of that warm brown
shadow I'm just going to redefine the
outer V and the inner v of my eyes using
a small pencil brush I'm just going to
take the vulgar eyeshadow under the lid
some the same brush I'm going to take
that warm brown shadow I'm going to use
the NYX wonder pencil to just line my
waterline to tightline my eyes I'm going
to be using the bourgeois liner stylo in
shade ultra black I'm going to add a
single coat of the bourgeois Volume one
second mascara for lashes today I'm
going to be wearing the Ardell whispies
I'm going to use my eyelash curlers to
fuse them together I'm going to add one
more coat of mascara and I'm going to
concentrate it at the roots I'm also
going to take that mascara onto my lower
lashes to finish my eyes I'm going to
take the cream from the iconic 2 palette
I'm just going to use that as a
highlighter to have a little bit more
Wow then you can take the bombs
mary lou manizer and just set that going
to apply that highlight in the tear duct
for my concealer I'm going to be using
the NARS radiant creamy concealer in
shade
Shanta lay I'm just going to apply that
under the eyes and then using a damp
Beauty Blender I'm just going to bounce
to blend out
going to take the same crease brush that
we previously used for the warm brown
eyeshadow and I'm just going to run that
under my lashes to make sure that
there's no part line in between our
concealer and our eyeshadow for my lips
I'm going to go through bright red today
so I'm going to be using the Anastasia
Beverly Hills liquid lipstick in shade
American doll
and I'm just going to take my concealer
to clean up the edges of that lipstick
if you just want to have a matte lip you
can just leave it there I want to go for
a glossy look today so I'm going to
apply the Anastasia Beverly Hills lip
gloss in shade neon apple I almost
forgot to set my concealer so I'm going
to set that using my been night loose
powder and here's the finished look my
acne coverage glamorous gold makeup
thank you so much for watching I really
hope you enjoyed this tutorial of course
please don't forget to give it a huge
thumbs up because it really helps my
channel out and of course don't forget
to subscribe so you never miss a video
I'll see you guys soon bye